so we're going to take the surface and
we're going to do it in Z direction add
this curve that we use from our sketches
and build this into the model and we
just click trim these out so we just get
this this surface on the side just build
a few more curves and also building so
now we've got trimmed out the side
surface we're going to build in and a a
curve snap this in here and then drag it
out list in this direction and I'm gonna
line this to this surface edge just have
a quick look on line shall we um
few few options here to control things
like tangency and curvature and I'm just
going to go in and adjust in the handles
interactively the curvature of this this
curve as you can see as we track the
handles is really just adjusting it and
updating the surface at the curve side
so let's go in now and build a biro
we're going to have a two plus
generation I'm going to build it round
these sections and then over this
boundary and that gives us the top
portion of the the surface so as you can
see it's a nice blended surface in one
operation
so the next step is to build in another
buyer around the back backside of this
and use this one profile curve where
these are the two profile curves and
we're then into a line in this other
surface into here
start with pick this edges the the slave
to the master and you can see here we
can also have tangency and curvature and
again we can adjust these tension and
scale just to control the way the
surface is built something else we can
do now is once we've built this with the
history that we've got built in the
model I can actually move these points
and have the whole model update so when
I make changes you can see here I'm just
distorting the back curve so in the
sketch phase we created a number of
curves these curves here you see our
kids were created in the sketch phase so
we're now going to reuse in the modeling
so what I'm going to do is I was
rejected this model again using the
z-direction these curves make sure we've
got more picked and projected on and I'm
going to trim out the surface so we get
the hole in the surface next step is to
put on a flange so I'm just going to
work around each individual part putting
on a flange build that flange in in this
case which is gonna in the worst
direction but now we've done that we can
also go back to use the history within
the model and we can actually modify the
curves that we use to create this I'm so
I'm just going to modify this curve here
and you'll see that when I change in let
it update it updates the model so I can
see the design change that I've made so
moving on through the model again and
you can see around here we've got to
transition surface that we want to
create so using the surface Phillip I'm
just going to go in I'm going to build
in a a surface or I fill it
so build a fill it choose the options
here we actually want to coddle fill it
so that it blends out this this wash for
us